[POSTNUM]:Daily #8
[DATE]:January 30, 2024
[TITLE]:TITLE OF POST
[SUBTITLE]:SUBTITLE OF POST

It's been a few days since I last updated you. A couple things have happened since we last spoke.

h2Romance over...h2
For starters, my romantic partner is no longer staying here. I drove her to the airport and we said our goodbyes.

The two weeks we had to spend together has ended and I'm back to living alone. To be honest with you, I regret having spent so much time wishing I was alone.

I wish I lived in the moment more. I should've accepted that our time together was relaxing time. Worrying so much about my productivity ruined our experience a bit.

That's not to say that the time we spent together was bad. We both made memories we'll never forget and agreed we know and love each other on a deeper level. I wish that I savored it more. It's cliche to say but you don't know what you have until it's gone.

h2Back on the grind.h2
I'm back on my shit now though. Finished two good Deep Work sessions. I progressed through the Odin project by a good, healthy chunk. I'll do my best to fit in another deep work session today.

My concentration is rusty. For the time being, giving my full attention to a task is a bit difficult. This will for sure improve as purposeful work becomes a habit again. I'm not too worried about it.

Tomorrow, I'll reflect on how the first month of this year went and come up with a theme for the monthly posts. It'll serve me well to also make a template for weekly post.

h2Sleep.h2
Last night I didn't sleep so well. It's because I was too stimulated from work and kept trying to sleep when my body wanted to stay awake. And apparently , my landlady is a fucking blacksmith hammering away at something. So that doesn't help.

This night I'll make sure to wear ear plugs and start this wind down routine :
ul
After I've finished deep work or my daily toils, I'm letting my mind relax
I'll meditate and read a book and drink some tea
My last meal will be around 8pm-9pm
I'll be in bed by 10:30pm
ul

h2Going forward.h2
I'm excited to see how my life is going to progress now that I have every variable under my control. I've been having visions of success. While I lay awake on my bed, I see what life will be like for me.

I see multiple successful Shopify apps that I treat more like money-making engines.

I build the engines with code and feed it the ingredients that they need to make money.

Stream of relevant eyes, superior customer support, continuous refinement...

The market is an open, crying mouth and I know how to feed it. I will feed it.

I see myself walking into my grocery store and giving them a two weeks notice. I've achieved the goal nobody but me knew would work.

I look at the face of a coworker who doubted me and smile. I smile and know that we are both reaping the rewards of our minds. My mind is always changing. I admit when I'm wrong and believe that I can achieve anything. His mind is certain and inconsiderate. He won't get far and the only real difference between him and I is the way we CHOOSE TO THINK.

I see myself being out and about in my van. Visiting every interesting spot in America with my romantic partner.

Camping.

Going to the beach.

Learning how to make fires in the wilderness.

Learning how to build interesting things like these absolute beasts.

I want to see the world and live a way no one from my home town knows to be possible. I want to her to see it with me.

I don't want these things, they are inevitable and they are going to happen.