10
[POSTNUM]:Daily #10
[DATE]:February 2, 2024
[TITLE]:Running around
[SUBTITLE]:...


I’m writing this after quite and exhausting day at work. I feel exhausted, if I were to give myself work to do right now, I’d just cope and not do it. 

That really is the power of doing the most crucial tasks in the morning because even if the rest of your day is shit like my was today, you can at least rest easy knowing that you’ve progressed on your goal.

Work today was boring, they put me onto another late shit and I have to go there early tomorrow for a tiny 4 hour shift. I won’t get all my crucial deep work done in the morning but that’s okay, I’ll just pick up after work.

One notable thing that happened today was that I had a conversation with my antagonist. I don’t believe that I’ve introduced you to him yet. For the purpose of this blog, let’s call him Genius.

Genius and I share widely opposing views about what it means to be financially well off and what the best plans to get there are. 

This was the subject of today’s disagreement. He asked me about how I’m going to move to a different department and I told him some details of how I’m now going to work fewer hours. I explained to him that I’m happy with this change because these hours give me the perfect amount of money to sustain myself while also not taking away crucial time to work on my business. 

He then responded by making a point that the way to wealth is saving money…

That’s too much of a defensive strategy, no one get’s rich by saving…

In my opinion, and that of MJ Demarco, you need to dramatically increase your income to become wealthy. Sure, the ability to put money aside is a crucial skills but to ignore how you’d get a great sum of money in the first place is silly. 

He then mentions how Elon Musk got rich by saving money… Genius swaggering confidence of someone who needs to be right because being wrong show’s you are of lesser character. 

Anyway, that was the only interesting thing that happened today at work.

h2Gratitude for this lifeh2
I was about to write about this idea that I have. How work is basically slavery. I have to show up and put in time because I have no other option. I have rent to buy and food to eat. 

But on writing it I felt so ungrateful. I am blessed with the opprotunity to make money and sustation myself. I wouldn’t be able to pay my internet bill if it wasn’t for my job right now. If I didn’t how internet then how would I learn to be a developer?

If I didn’t have this job, I’d be stressing to find one. I’d be in survival mode where the only thing I’m thinking about is how to survive today and ration my money down to the dollar. 

I’m blessed right now in this life.

I was literally living in my car just 3 months ago. 

Now I have the luxury to complain that work is boring?

By the end of the year I’ll be complaining that I had one of like one hundred customers churn from my app.

There will always be something to complain about, it’s nice to be able to reflect and see things as they really are. And the truth is that things are good. Good beyond measure. 

h2My own freedomh2
So then.

Let me rephrase myself. When I make $1500 a month from my Shopify apps, I’ll have the ability to buy back my time.

I don’t know about you but that sounds like an incredibly low number. You cannot even buy a good used car for that price.

I’ll get there so soon. It’s really inevitable. I’ve never been so serious about anything in my life. I’ve never enjoyed something as much as I do building.

 I just have to learn how to listen to peoples’ problems and market my solution and boom.
 
Game over.

 I’ll be writing about how I’m living in a van and building fires and camping just because I can. 

h2Confessionh2
Okay. Not going to lie, I really want my time to come so that I can rub it in the face of those who doubted me at work.

I want to rub it in Genius face and see the same anxious scramble for negatively when I tell him something good has happened as a result of my mindset.














